Revamped Ignite Documentation (#1970)
infinitered/ignite: docs/Components-AutoImage.md

> # Text Component

Author: Should be AutoImage

[Back to all components](./Components.md)

> Ignite's `AutoImage` Component is an enhanced version of the built-in React Native [Image](https://reactnative.dev/docs/image) component. It automatically resizes the image view to fit the size of the image and ensures you don't need to explicitly set the image size props on every image. You can use it in place of the built-in `Image` component. We recommend importing it `as Image`, as there are no downsides to doing so, and ensures images will always be resized if needed.

Author: ```suggestion
Ignite's `AutoImage` Component is an enhanced version of the built-in React Native [Image](https://reactnative.dev/docs/image) component. It automatically resizes the image view to fit the size of the image and ensures you don't need to explicitly set the image size props on every image. You can use it in place of the built-in `Image` component. We at Infinite Red often import it `as Image`, as there are no significant downsides to doing so, and ensures images will always be resized if needed.
```
